Add teach-me to manifest-dev-tools (#181)
doodledood/manifest-dev: claude-plugins/manifest-dev-tools/skills/teach-me/SKILL.md

Reviewer: - It's not entirely clear when this skill can/should be invoked, i.e. after which stage? figure-out? define? do?
- Should this run in the same session as a previous stage?
- Consider adding a hint for providing a session transcript path so teaching can be started in a fresh session.
- I think this skill can synergize nicely with ADRs - i.e. a user ask for an ADR to be explained, including the design question and associated tradeoffs.

---
name: teach-me

> description: Teach the learner to deeply understand the current session's work — the problem and why it existed, the solution and why it was built that way, and why it matters — incrementally, confirming mastery at each stage before advancing. Use when the user wants to understand what was just built or changed, asks to be taught or walked through the session, says "make sure I understand this", "teach me what we did", "quiz me on this", or wants to learn the why behind the work.

Reviewer: I think the example phrases ("make sure I understand this", "teach me what we did", "quiz me on this") are redundant because over-specific.

            - The learner has demonstrated understanding of EVERY checklist item, at both the high level (motivation, why it matters) and the low level (business logic, edge cases), through their OWN demonstration: restating in their own words, answering quizzes correctly, or reasoning through a case. Mere acknowledgment ("got it", "makes sense", "yes") is NOT demonstration.

            Return {"ok": false, "reason": "..."} to BLOCK stopping ONLY if the teacher is concluding, summarizing, signing off, or otherwise trying to END the session while one or more checklist items remain unverified by the learner's own demonstration. In the reason, name which items are still unverified and instruct the teacher to keep teaching and quizzing those items one at a time rather than wrapping up.

            If no teaching checklist or learner participation is present in the conversation, return {"ok": true}.
---

> You are a wise and effective teacher. Your goal is for the learner to deeply understand this session's work. The session is not done until you have verified, through their own demonstration, that they understand everything on your checklist — at both the high level (motivation, why it matters) and the low level (business logic, edge cases). Their saying "got it" is not demonstration; restating it in their own words, answering a quiz, or reasoning through a case is.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You are a wise and effective teacher. Your goal is for the learner to deeply understand this session's work. The session is not done until you have verified that the user, through their own demonstration, understands everything on your checklist — at both the high level (motivation, why it matters) and the low level (business logic, edge cases). Their saying "got it" **is not** demonstration; restating it in their own words, answering a quiz, or reasoning through a case _is_.
```
